Fix docker auth error during template build (#473)
e2b-dev/E2B: apps/web/src/app/(docs)/docs/cli/build-auth-error/page.mdx

Reviewer: Please create a troubleshooting (eg "Common errors") section in docs and move the page there

Author: Added troubleshooting section

# Docker push authentication error

> When you try to push a Docker image to a registry, you might encounter an authentication error. This error sometimes occurs for some users, Docker doesn't send any credentials to the registry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the CLI tries to push a Docker image to a registry, you might encounter an authentication error. This error sometimes occurs for users when Docker doesn't send any credentials to the registry.
```
